Oh
hey guys its construction and today i'm
doing a hairstyle inspired by The Hunger
Games the movie that I just saw recently
this video is a collaboration with three
other channels it's a collaboration with
being a bob stylehaul and me so I'm
guest like it and also there's giveaway
at the end of the video so stay tuned
for that it's a new giveaway so hope you
guys enjoy it in i'll talk to you soon
ok guys so i'm going to start off by
using KMS California sea salt spray to
build a little texture into the hair add
a little movement get some definition
I'm just going to finger comb the stove
working it from roots to ends now I'm
going to begin the French braid working
at the top of the head near the side
part working my way around the head as a
diagonal I'm just going to leave a
little bit of hair around the hairline
to create a natural look like Katniss
had in the movie The Hunger Games I say
work my way around the head I'm making
sure that I keep the French braid really
nice and neat and close to the head to
keep a really nice clean french braid
continuing to round the head and take an
additional sections of hair and pulling
them lower into the French braid to
create that diagonal french braid look
now that i have french braided just
about all the hair around the head i'm
just going to continue a standard three
strand braid down the rest of the hair
to finish it off
now i'm going to use KMS is maximum hold
hairspray to team down any flyaways or
stray hairs now I'm going to curl the
hair using kmss hop like spray when I
curl the hair I'm just going to take
small sections and wrap them around the
rod but to create a natural look I'm
just going to keep the ends out of the
curling iron just to create a really
nice textured tousled look to give your
hair the most natural look after curling
you can use your fingers to comb through
just to soften up the curls a little bit
using a few bobby pins I'm just going to
pin away a few long strands of hair just
to give the hair a really nice finished
and natural beautiful look
okay guys so I know you guys are excited
to hear more about this giveaway the
giveaway is a $25 sephora gift card
sponsored by stylehaul their rules for
the giveaway to win are you have to
leave a comment below telling me are you
team Peeta or team gale for me I'm team
both of them because they were just so
lovely in the movie and my heart goes up
to both of them and yeah and you'll be
picked it right then we have to be also
you have to be a subscriber to me and
stylehaul so make sure that you
subscribe not hard to do right up there
so yeah guys like the video and I will
talk to you soon for more info on these
products visit w WM s california com
you